feat: light SDK generation (#1331)
AmadeusITGroup/otter: packages/@ama-sdk/schematics/README.md

Use `generate` to (re)generate your SDK based on the content of `./swagger-spec.yaml` (make sure you have this file at the root of your project) and `upgrade:repository` to regenerate the structure of your project.

#### Light SDK

> For SDKs that do not need to handle extensibility, the use of dictionaries or dates, a "light" version of the SDK will be generated. 

Reviewer: Light sdk is not directly link to dates but more to revivers 
because we could have date but in string

These SDKs do not need to generate revivers, which results in a simplified version of the code and reduces the size of the bundle.

If your specification file includes dates, there are multiple options for the generation of your SDK involving the global property option `stringifyDate`: 

> * By default, the option `stringifyDate` is false so dates will be generated as expected in the specifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* By default, the option `stringifyDate` is false so dates will be generated as utils.Date/utils.DateTime/Date
```

> * If the dates can be of type `string`, setting the option `stringifyDate` to true will ensure the generation of a light SDK. <br>

Reviewer: Not really true 
we can set `stringifyDate` and still have revivers because of `dictionaries`

> * If the dates can be of type `string`, setting the option `stringifyDate` to true will ensure the generation of a light SDK. <br>

Reviewer 2: Also the "can be of type 'string'" might be a bit confusing for the users. Be more direct in your approach and be more explicite.
For example:
To keep the handling of timezone to the application and handle date as string, the option stringifyDate should be set to false

>   This can be done by adding `--global-property stringifyDate` to the generator command.

Reviewer 2: Is it possible to set it in the openapi json configuration file?

Author: not yet, this will be done in another PR

Use `generate` to (re)generate your SDK based on the content of `./swagger-spec.yaml` (make sure you have this file at the root of your project) and `upgrade:repository` to regenerate the structure of your project.

#### Light SDK

It is also possible to generate a "light" SDK. This type of SDK does not need to generate revivers, which results in a simplified version of the code and reduces the size of the bundle.

Please note that revivers are generated for SDKs that use:
* non-stringified dates
* dictionaries
* extensible models

##### Dates
If your specification file includes dates, there are multiple options for the generation of your SDK involving the global property option `stringifyDate`: 

> * By default, the option `stringifyDate` is false so dates will be generated as either `utils.Date`, `utils.DateTime`, or `Date`. 

Reviewer 3: How is done the difference when generating a javascript `Date` or an `utils.Date`. Is it another option to be passed to the generator ?

Author: I believe this is explained in the doc that I linked in the line below, the difference depends on the x-date-timezone vendor in the specs (https://github.com/AmadeusITGroup/otter/tree/main/packages/%40ama-sdk/schematics/schematics/typescript/shell/templates/base#manage-dates)

Reviewer 3: ok I see :) I missed that info.
